Edit / Replace webpack config using angular cli.

### Install

```bash
npm install ng-cli-ext --save-dev
```

```bash
yarn ng-cli-ext -D
```

### Usage
From version **1** `ng-cli-ext` is an almost identical copy of the library [ngx-build-plus](https://github.com/manfredsteyer/ngx-build-plus) with 2 changes:

- You can use `.ts` config files (as long as `ts-node` exists)

- You can provide a function intsead of a configuration object. (read more below)

Setting up `ng-cli-ext` is identical to how [ngx-build-plus](https://github.com/manfredsteyer/ngx-build-plus) is setup except how the configuration file is structured, please visit [ngx-build-plus](https://github.com/manfredsteyer/ngx-build-plus) for
more infomration on how to set it up in `angular.json`.

### Configuration file

`ngx-build-plus` excepts a webpack configuration object which it merges into the
original configuration produces by the cli.

`ng-cli-ext` allow's you to provide a function instead of an object.
The function accepts a single parameter, the original configuration object
generated by the angular cli. The function can modify the object or return a new
object that will be used as the configuration object sent to webpack.

```js
module.exports = function(webpackConfig) {
    // modify webpackConfig
    return webpackConfig;
}
```

> Providing a configuration file works in `ng-cli-ext` as well, but if you use it like that you better of use the original package, ngx-build-plus..

#### Why?
Using a function provides high level of control over the configuration file.

Under the hood, `ngx-build-plus` is using [webpack-merge](https://github.com/survivejs/webpack-merge) to do the merging. `webpack-merge` has
a lot of features and merging strategies which you can't use, with a function you
can do the merging manually.

> See https://github.com/survivejs/webpack-merge for ideas.

`webpack-merge` aside, sometimes you want to apply complex logic on the config
that act's based on certain conditions, removing things, adding things etc.. this is
not possible with merging.

---

Special thanks to the guys behind [ngx-build-plus](https://github.com/manfredsteyer/ngx-build-plus)!!!

---

### Previous versions (< )
All versions lower then 1.0.0 does not hook into the cli's schematics engine.
This is why it was required to use a special command line to run them.
From 1 and aboce this is removed and the integration is done through `angular.json` file

